# ===================
# === Aerc Colors ===
# ===================

# defaults
*.default = true

# selected elements
*.selected.fg   = black
*.selected.bg   = blue
*.selected.bold = true

# errors
error.fg   = black
error.bg   = red
error.bold = true

# warnings
warning.fg   = black
warning.bg   = yellow
warning.bold = true

# success
success.fg   = black
success.bg   = green
success.bold = true

# titles
title.fg   = blue
title.bold = true

# headers
header.fg   = blue
header.bold = true

# statusline
statusline*.fg   = black
statusline*.bold = true

# statusline background
statusline_default.bg = purple
statusline_error.bg   = red
statusline_success.bg = green

# selected message
msglist*.selected.bold = false
msglist_unread.selected.bold = true

# unread messages
msglist_unread.fg   = yellow
msglist_unread.bold = true

# deleted messages
msglist_deleted.fg = gray

# selected directory
dirlist*.selected.bold = false
dirlist_unread.selected.bold = true

# unread directories
dirlist_unread.fg   = yellow
dirlist_unread.bold = true

# selected tab
tab.selected.fg   = black
tab.selected.bg   = purple
tab.selected.bold = true

# loading spinner
spinner.fg   = teal
spinner.bold = true

# borders
border.fg = gray
